[MUSIC]
>> Audience 1: So
we've got a key press stream,
we can make a new stream
that's based off of it.
So I just want to point out that
bottom line's a little gnarly
because you have an IO kicked off.
And then it returns an event stream
which we're gonna subscribe to, right?
But that's okay, cuz what that does,
everything above that line that starts our
app, that actually runs our app,
is going to pretty much return that type.
And it's gonna be pure and
easy to work with and lots of fun.
But that kickoff line's a little crazy
because it's like, hey, here's all
the stuff we're honest about that's going
to happen in our site, or in our app.
And now you have to deal with it,
and open it up and run it, and
make sure that this all comes out.
But the benefits of working in your app,
like that peer part, it's awesome.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah between pure and
impure it's really nice, we're writing
a lot of checks so we got to cash in on
anything here really fully pull it out.
So let's make another stream,
which is the value stream, I guess.
Value stream will
go from, I guess down again,
to the event stream of strain.
And that would be var valueStream = it's
gonna be based off a key press string, but
we're gonna map it to it,
I guess would be my feeling, and
extract some things from the target.
>> Audience 1: Yeah,
definitely want to get the target and
the values, I know that.
>> Joe Nelson: Let's see,
it was the value, and
then you had to get the target first.
>> Joe Nelson: And
that was off of key press stream.
>> Audience 1: We're already
giving it that key press stream?
I see what you're saying.
You're gonna use that then, I see.
>> Joe Nelson: I was gonna
make a new stream, and
then just replace in our final line.
>> Audience 1: Got it.
I just like the sound of my voice.
>> Joe Nelson: [LAUGH] That's fine.
Well, your voice is probably right here.
Cannot get property value of undefined.
We could put a log in here.
See what kind of steps come through.
>> Audience 1: Value stream.
>> Joe Nelson: Or is it events target?
>> Audience 1: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: I don't think it.
Yeah put a log, let's see what happens.
It looks like it's [CROSSTALK]
>> Audience 1: We're not doing anything.
There's just a syntax error or something.
Let's see.
We get the event, which returns us an io,
we call back the value stream.
So key press stream is
going to get our search.
>> Audience 2: We're letting
the map [INAUDIBLE] the other way.
They're just Ws.
That's right.
>> Audience 1: So
you gotta map map, which-
>> Joe Nelson: Actually compose I can
map the composition, couldn't I?
>> Audience 1: Yeah,
let's stick with map map now, though.
See, it's kind of a cool
demonstration to be like, laws.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay, fine.
Let's see if, before I even get laws,
if we don't break the law.
>> Multiple: [LAUGH]
>> Audience 1: Breaking the law.
>> Joe Nelson: Breaking the law.
So, it's a whole new
string that's all clear.
You just change it out.
Okay, now let's use the logs.
>> Audience 1: So,
we don't need to map map.
Because it's always gonna work like that.
I would alias that to a function.
It's kind of weird to have
it compose stuff in there.
Maybe not, I don't know.
You need an extra parameter.
>> Joe Nelson: Do I?
See what this maps to.
>> Audience 1: You got your open map,
open compose.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, totally, I see.
Map compose and then up here for map.
>> Audience 1: Yeah,
usually I would just pull that out.
You know, like a little helper that
says like target value or something?
But I think it's totally
legit to be in line.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: Okay,
cool, so we're able to get values.
Now we should, for each value we get,
kick off a search.
This is quite a junk.
What should happen first?
You know what we should do?
We should, for each one we get,
build up the URL that we're going need to.
So we can have a URL stream.
So the things that like not for
each thing I type it's going
to correspond to something or
some api call I would make.
So you can say like a URL stream,
and once again it's
it seems like I guess we're just
carrying through the event stream.
I'll say URL even though it's
just a string, just to remind me.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay, alright I gave
myself a note because I didn't
remember exactly what YouTube takes so-
>> Audience 1: Mims is
complaining that this is hard to read.
I would suggest moving the inner
composition into an actual composition, so
it actually reads better.
>> Joe Nelson: So
take this compose(map map out of here?
>> Audience 1: Yeah, the inner compose.
Like I would just compose map, just
let compose just let value get target,
would be a function of like-
>> Joe Nelson: We could call it,
yeah the function could go
from dom event Yeah value.
To value.
We should call it, like,
event value or something?
>> Audience 1: Sure.
>> Joe Nelson: Strings,
I guess they're gonna be strings.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: Wait, actually.
>> Audience 1: [INAUDIBLE].
>> Joe Nelson: I'll leave that,
because we'll map that thing.
>> Audience 1: I think usually rule
of thumb is you want to call map at
the caller.
You don't want to force some
weird type into the function.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, totally.
I mean the whole point
of part one was like,
you make fewer things like that they
take a journey somewhere so [CROSSTALK].
>> Audience 1: Into the map or
the journey to the factor.
[CROSSTALK] Is anybody like
totally lost right now?
Or are you guys kinda following?
Semi?
All right!
We did our job!
>> Multiple: [LAUGH]
>> Audience 2: We're following but
we're dropping bread crumbs.
>> Joe Nelson: [LAUGH] Alright.
>> Audience 1: Okay.
>> Joe Nelson: And
the repository will be there.
We're just in the there even though
I'm not doing it commit by commit.
That does,
you can look at the diffs between them.
>> Audience 1: Yeah we have
a different-looking project on the,
we just kind of made things earlier
just to make sure it works.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay, for
a URL stream, alright.
Okay.
And so we need to see what is it
that these search URLs look like.
They look like that.
>> Audience 1: Yeah [LAUGH].
>> Joe Nelson: Cool.
This one.
I don't know if it matters to be point
phrased, just kind of a string thing, and
a j query thing, and so I can say.
Wait.
>> Audience 1: Can we all get crazy
with monoides, but I don't want to.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah.
We could say search for term.
>> Joe Nelson: Or term URL.
And that takes a term, which is a string,
and gives it over to URL.
>> Joe Nelson: So
I was promising to get rid of names and
there are plenty of names in here.
But at least they're not,
maybe they are of a different sort, but
they're not like a very lowest level.
>> Audience 1: We're are gluing
together primitives to make
our application-specific DSL that we're
just kind of putting together down at
the bottom.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: So
return this if you look it's like q= that.
And there's this extra alt=json, so
there's like a little helper we
can use for that, which plus.
You give it a map of like q goes
to term and alt goes to json.
And it makes a query string out of it.
>> Multiple: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: What is?
What is [INAUDIBLE]
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, I don't know what
that word was.
Okay, cool, so now we got term URL.
Now our urlStream is going to
map over the original, but
just turn it into that I suppose.
So I compose.
Are we inside of Monad?
We're going to have to map again.
>> Audience 1: We're going to get it down,
we're good.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay, I'm going to
be mapping over the value stream.
So now I have to begin now
like it's a new stream.
>> Audience 1: Yeah,
so you're going to map,
wait,
>> Joe Nelson: Term urlvalueStream, and
then do a URL stream.
>> Joe Nelson: Cool